Addressing other Med's comments (#32)
buraglio/draft-nbtjjl-v6ops-prefer8781: draft-ietf-v6ops-prefer8781.md

These enterprise DNS servers typically lack DNS64 functionality and therefore cannot provide information about the PREF64 used within the local network.
Consequently, this prevents the endpoint from discovering the necessary PREF64, negatively impacting its connectivity on IPv6-only networks.

> If both the network-provided DNS64 and the endpoint's resolver happen to utilize the Well-Known Prefix (64:ff9b::/96, [RFC6052]), the endpoint would discover a PREF64 that's valid for the current network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both the network-provided DNS64 and the endpoint's resolver happen to utilize the Well-Known Prefix (64:ff9b::/96, [RFC6052]), the endpoint would end up using a PREF64 that's valid for the current network.
```

Wait, I actually do think this should be changed somehow. "discover" implies a discovery process, whereas this is about the endpoint using the WKP *without* doing any prefix discovery. I see why we might want to change the original phrasing, but the original phrasing is more accurate (minus the acronym ambiguity).

> However, if the endpoint changes its network attachment, it can't detect if the new network lacks NAT64 entirely or uses a network-specific NAT64 prefix (NSP, [RFC6144]).

Author: I'm not sure I fully comprehend the proposal, so let me create an issue so we can follow up on this in Madrid ;)

> However, if the endpoint changes its network attachment, it can't detect if the new network lacks NAT64 entirely or uses a network-specific NAT64 prefix (NSP, [RFC6144]).

Reviewer: Sounds good!
